Pal 1093 documentation (#494)
gchq/Palisade: src/motivating_scenario.md

    List<Manager> managers
```

> Employees represent a target dataset and can be generated by a [Synthetic Data Generator](https://github.com/gchq/synthetic-data-generator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Employees represent a target dataset and can be generated by the [Synthetic Data Generator](https://github.com/gchq/synthetic-data-generator).
```

  employee_file0.avro
  employee_file1.avro
```

> This metadata comes from a _data catalogue_, but it could equally work by doing a directory listing of the underlying data store and/or using shadow files for metadata info about each resource. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ideally this metadata comes from a _data catalogue_, but it can equally work by doing a directory listing of the underlying data store and/or using shadow files for metadata info about each resource. 
```

    DUTY_OF_CARE
    STAFF_REPORT
```
In general, we bundle all additional contextual information into the `Context` of the request.
In general, we bundle all additional contextual information into the `Context` of the request.  
These are the purposes we have defined as an example, but is not what might be included. 

### Policies

With these, we hope to demonstrate Palisade is capable of applying complex record-level rules as part of the defined data-access policy, such as:
* resource-level filtering - hide a resource `File /data/employee_file0.avro`
* record-level filtering - hide the whole `Employee Alice` record
* record-level masking - show the first half of `Alice`'s `Address`'s `PostCode` and hide the rest of the address

> * contextual rule application - show the full `BankDetails 1234-5678-90AB-CDEF` if the purpose of the request was `SALARY` and the user has completed the `PAYROLL_TRAINING_COURSE`, otherwise hide it

Reviewer: Add this back in:
contextual rule application - show the full `BankDetails` if the purpose of the request was `SALARY` and the user has completed the `PAYROLL_TRAINING_COURSE`, otherwise hide it

Author: added
